domain/exceptions/NotFoundException.java
 domain.exceptions.NotFoundException
domain/exceptions/DatabaseException.java
 domain.exceptions.DatabaseException
repository/database/DbUtils.java
 repository.database.DbUtils
domain/exceptions/DuplicateException.java
 domain.exceptions.DuplicateException
domain/exceptions/LogInException.java
 domain.exceptions.LogInException
utils/Configuration.java
 utils.Configuration
domain/User.java
 domain.User
domain/Game.java
 domain.Game
domain/Entity.java
 domain.Entity
utils/observers/Observer.java
 utils.observers.Observer
Main.java
 Main
repository/TicketRepository.java
 repository.TicketRepository
repository/Repository.java
 repository.Repository
utils/observers/Observable.java
 utils.observers.Observable
domain/Ticket.java
 domain.Ticket
repository/UserRepository.java
 repository.UserRepository
repository/database/UserDbRepository.java
 repository.database.UserDbRepository
domain/exceptions/ParameterException.java
 domain.exceptions.ParameterException
services/Service.java
 services.Service
repository/GameRepository.java
 repository.GameRepository
userInterfacing/UserInterface.java
 userInterfacing.UserInterface
userInterfacing/LogInController.java
 userInterfacing.LogInController
userInterfacing/SignUpController.java
 userInterfacing.SignUpController
repository/database/GameDbRepository.java
 repository.database.GameDbRepository
userInterfacing/MainController.java
 userInterfacing.MainController
userInterfacing/JavaFxClient.java
 userInterfacing.JavaFxClient
repository/database/TicketDbRepository.java
 repository.database.TicketDbRepository
